README.md, before:

# React app built, run & hosted with docker containers and docker compose

## Metro re-design of homepage and search listing page

---

### **Overview**

- Week 1: Will be setting up the infrastructure for UX Designer's application to run using docker containers, docker compose and MongoDB

- Week 2: Creating the application based on the version of prototype design received from UX Designers at the end of Week 1.

---

### **About our projects**

### _Metro Re-design_

(a) A redesigned home page at https://metronz.co.nz/, taking the customers feedback into consideration

- Metro Home page by Jin Zhang
- Branch feature-homepage

(b) A redesigned search function and features page(s) of property listings, using the company’s third party web page at https://apply.tpsportal.co.nz/tps6175? as a reference.

- Metro search listing page by Heni Kimura
- Branch feature-listing-page

### **Purpose**

The purpose of this project is to assimilate a working environment, adopting an agile mindset and putting into practice. Collaborating as a development team to deliver the re-designed prototype.

### **Built with:**

- [React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo-react&logoColor=026e00 "React")
- [React-url](https://react.dev/ "Reacturl")
- [Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo-docker&logoColor=CF649A "Docker")
- [Docker-url](https://www.docker.com/ "Dockerurl")

---

### **Getting started:**

### _Prerequisites -_

#### _The software needed to install -_

- _Dependencies:_

- React

  ```sh
  npx create-react-app .
  ```

---

### Installation

1. Clone the repo

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/HMoana/M5-Frontend.git
   ```

2. Install NPM packages

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

---

### **Features:**

- Dockerized react app
- Hosted and run by docker compose
- Communicates with backend using MongoDB

---

### **Future improvements:**

---

### **Contributors & our Contacts:**

- Heni Kimura - <henik@missionreadyhq.com>
- Jin Zhang - <jinz@missionreadyhq.com>
- Aneesha Baidwan - <aneeshab@missionreadyhq.com>
- Myint Aung - <myint@missionreadyhq.com>

### **Project Link:**

[Github repository](https://github.com/HMoana/M5-Frontend.git "Github repository")

### **License:**

Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE.txt for more information.

### **Acknowledgments:**

- [Programming with Mosh](https://youtu.be/pTFZFxd4hOI "Programming with Mosh")
- [Programming with Mosh, Docker Compose](https://youtu.be/HG6yIjZapSA "Programming with Mosh, Docker Compose")
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/gettingstarted/ "Docker Compose")
- [ZenOfAI](https://medium.com/zenofai/how-to-build-a-node-js-and-mongodb-application-with-docker-containers-15e535baabf5 "ZenOfAI")

Commit message:

edited readme to include Ricardo his listing info page and added reater-router-dom & axios as install dependencies

README.md, after:

# React app built, run & hosted with docker containers and docker compose

## Metro re-design of homepage and search listing page

---

### **Overview**

- Week 1: Will be setting up the infrastructure for UX Designer's application to run using docker containers, docker compose and MongoDB

- Week 2: Creating the application based on the version of prototype design received from UX Designers at the end of Week 1.

---

### **About our projects**

### _Metro Re-design_

(a) A redesigned home page at https://metronz.co.nz/, taking the customers feedback into consideration

- Metro Home page by Jin Zhang
- Branch feature-homepage

(b) A redesigned search function and features page of property listings, using the company’s third party web page at https://apply.tpsportal.co.nz/tps6175? as a reference.

- Metro search listing page by Heni Kimura
- Branch feature-listing-page

(c) A complete redesign building upon the property listings page. This additional page provides the user with more detailed information about the selected property(s). Where they have the options to enquire about the property, book a viewing of the property or make an application for the property.

- Metro listing information page by Ricardo Diaz Rodriquez
- Branch feature-listing-info

### **Purpose**

The purpose of this project is to assimilate a working environment, adopting an agile mindset and putting into practice. Collaborating as a development team to deliver the re-designed prototype.

### **Built with:**

- [React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo-react&logoColor=026e00 "React")
- [React-url](https://react.dev/ "Reacturl")
- [Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo-docker&logoColor=CF649A "Docker")
- [Docker-url](https://www.docker.com/ "Dockerurl")

---

### **Getting started:**

### _Prerequisites -_

#### _The software needed to install -_

- _Dependencies:_

- React

  ```sh
  npx create-react-app .
  ```

  - React Router Dom

  ```sh
  npm i react-router-dom
  ```

- Axios

  ```sh
  npm i axios
  ```

---

### Installation

1. Clone the repo

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/HMoana/M5-Frontend.git
   ```

2. Install NPM packages

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

---

### **Features:**

- Dockerized react app
- Hosted and run by docker compose
- Communicates with backend using MongoDB

---

### **Future improvements:**

---

### **Contributors & our Contacts:**

- _Developers:_

- Heni Kimura - <henik@missionreadyhq.com>
- Jin Zhang - <jinz@missionreadyhq.com>
- Ricardo Diaz Rodriguez <diiaz2910@gmail.com>

- _UX Designers:_

- Aneesha Baidwan - <aneeshab@missionreadyhq.com>
- Myint Aung - <myint@missionreadyhq.com>

### **Project Link:**

[Github repository](https://github.com/HMoana/M5-Frontend.git "Github repository")

### **License:**

Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE.txt for more information.

### **Acknowledgments:**

- [Programming with Mosh](https://youtu.be/pTFZFxd4hOI "Programming with Mosh")
- [Programming with Mosh, Docker Compose](https://youtu.be/HG6yIjZapSA "Programming with Mosh, Docker Compose")
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/gettingstarted/ "Docker Compose")
- [ZenOfAI](https://medium.com/zenofai/how-to-build-a-node-js-and-mongodb-application-with-docker-containers-15e535baabf5 "ZenOfAI")
